Extended documentation for the trackball LED animated light (#943)
KMKfw/kmk_firmware: docs/en/pimoroni_trackball.md

This module exposes one keycode `TB_MODE`, which on hold switches between `MOUSE_MODE` and `SCROLL_MODE`.
To choose the default mode, pass it in `Trackball` constructor.

#### Light animation

> The trackball has smart LED which can be controlled with [NeoPixel library from Adafruit](https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_CircuitPython_NeoPixel/blob/main/neopixel.py) and the [RGB extension](http://kmkfw.io/docs/rgb).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The trackball has a RGB LED which can be controlled with the [RGB extension](http://kmkfw.io/docs/rgb).
```

There's no NeoPixel involved.

Example of very slowly glowing led, almost seamlessly changing colors:

```python
# initiate the trackball and add the library for the trackball pixel buffer
from kmk.modules.pimoroni_trackball import TrackballPixel

# add rgb extension with animations
from kmk.extensions.rgb import RGB, AnimationModes

# pass the pixel buffer to the rgb extension and declare pixel pin None

> pixels = ( TrackballPixel(trackball) )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pixels = TrackballPixel(trackball)
```

Parenthesis don't do anything.

# set the rgb animation configuration to your taste
rgb = RGB(pixel_pin=None,
        num_pixels=1,
        pixels=pixels,
        hue_default=0,
        sat_default=255,
        val_default=255,
        hue_step=1,
        sat_step=0,
        val_step=0,
        animation_speed=0.5,
        animation_mode=AnimationModes.SWIRL,
        )

keyboard.extensions.append(rgb)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
